this is the Tara pump gas can mounted
for double a battery pump with automatic
shutoff that I have installed in my five
gallon gas can sitting on the floor on
the right and then then run the tube up
to an empty one gallon above the level
of the five gallon tank you can see the
nozzle I took out of the one gallon can
I'm gonna see how much of this is
siphoned versus how much of this is
pumping and this is capable of pumping
this we're just gonna press the start
button and there you can see gas is
swelling it's clipped onto this tank up
here still pumping solid no no
challenges here as this fills up this
should stop automatically stop the flow
of gas and not overflow this pumps of
two and a half gallons per minute I've
got four with the embattled
we were gonna check the flow I mean not
really flowing that fast but I mean it
is pumping it up as you can see looks
like it turned itself off gas retracted
a little bit down left in the hose take
this out so when it hits that fill line
right there this marking right here it
automatically stops filling the tank so
you have a properly filled tank overall
not bad and then turn this around and
this actually stores in here you do a
little bit of gas left in the tube
see how harder just to get this out hold
the tube up it looks like we're good
drained in